Add upgrade storybook documentation (#22093)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-components/src/Concepts/Upgrade/FromV8/Troubleshooting.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta title="Concepts/Upgrading/from v8/Troubleshooting" />

## "I tried using the new components but there does not seem to be any styling applied to them. Am I doing something wrong?"

> Components in version 8 could be used in isolation and still retain their default styling

Reviewer: nit: Missing dot

```suggestion
Components in version 8 could be used in isolation and still retain their default styling.
```

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { FluentProvider, webLightTheme } from '@fluentui/react-components';

import App from './App';

ReactDOM.render(
  <FluentProvider theme={webLightTheme}>
    <App />
  </FluentProvider>,
  document.getElementById('root'),
);
```

## "I managed to get the theme working but the components look different than they did previously, why is that?"

We are modernizing our components in version 9 to adhere to the latest guidelines in the Fluent Design Language. That is the reason for any visual differences you might notice.

## "What if I want to override a component's styles? Say, if I want to make them look like they did before? It seems like the styles prop does not exist anymore!"

The styling story in version 9 is very different to what existed in version 8. For one, we are moving away from providing a `styles` prop and are mostly focusing of providing styling via the `className` prop (if you are worried about how could you style every piece of a component via `className`, do not fret and keep reading).

> We are also moving away from `mergeStyles` in favor of `makeStyles`, another in-house CSS-in-JS solution inspired that allows for things like atomic classes and build-time optimization of styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are also moving away from `mergeStyles` in favor of `makeStyles` from [`@griffel/react`](https://github.com/microsoft/griffel), a new in-house CSS-in-JS solution that allows for things like atomic classes and build-time optimization of styles.
```
